Add differences to Xarray in FAQ (#2850)
scipp/scipp: docs/getting-started/faq.rst

   See `Python configuration files <https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config/intro.html#python-configuration-files>`_ and `InteractiveShell.cache_size <https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config/options/kernel.html#configtrait-InteractiveShell.cache_size>`_ in the IPython documentation for details.

Where does Scipp's behavior differ from Xarray's behavior?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Similar to Pandas, Xarray uses *indexes* for automatically aligning data in operations based on their coordinates.
  Binary operations in Xarray may thus return the result for the intersection of the input coordinates, i.e., those with matching coordinate values.
  This leads to a number of cases with surprising behavior and can also be expensive when unintentional reordering of large data occurs.
  Scipp takes a much simpler approach by simply comparing the arrays of coordinate values, raising an error if there is a mismatch.
  Reordering is not supported.
- Scipp's attributes behave similar to Xarray's non-index coordinates.

>   A minor difference is that Scipp handles a missing attribute as a mismatch an will thus drop the attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A minor difference is that Scipp handles a missing attribute as a mismatch and will thus drop the attribute.
```

>   Thus in Scipp we ensure ``(a + b) + c == a + (b + c)``, which is not the case in Xarray (when considering non-index coordinates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Scipp thus ensures ``(a + b) + c == a + (b + c)``, which is not the case in Xarray (when considering non-index coordinates).
```
